To Whom it may concern
It is with immense pleasure that I write this letter for Sashwat Jain, the 
student I have always believed has had the true potential to make it big 
in this ever-competitive field of robotics and computer coding. His 
razor-sharp analytical mind, innovation, discipline and most importantly 
his passion for the subject make him the ideal candidate for this field.

Sashwat has been a consistent top scorer in my class. He thrives on 
challenges. Logical analysis and its application to situations are his 
biggest strengths and allow him to handle the most complex problems with 
consummate ease. He is a quick learner and is fastest to complete codes in 
robotics. He always wants to try new things. Hands-on work and real-time 
problem solving are areas where he reigns. His patience belies his age. He 
will attempt a given problem zillion times till he reaches the solution. 
This doggedness is praiseworthy and ticks off a very important box in the 
list of qualities required to be a good programmer.  

He has honed his skills with regards to programming and AI over the years 
and has acquired expertise in various languages like Python, SQL, C++, 
web, and app development and has an IBM recognised certificate in Data 
science and AI. He Interned at a hedge fund where he made a new trading 
strategy in Python combining his interests in business and technology. He 
has ventured into Blockchain development technology and created several 
IOT based projects.

Sashwat believes immensely in the potential of technology to make this 
world a better place. For instance he helped the Blind Peoples Association 
in Ahmedabad establish and update their website and managed their social 
media presence throughout the pandemic.

To conclude Sashwatâ€™s peerless practical skills, intellect and 
philanthropic instincts assure me of him making it big in the field of 
technology and innovation. He has my strongest recommendation to pursue 
the undergraduate course at your university. I have enjoyed having him as 
my student and I am confident that he would be a valuable addition to your 
class too.
 Please feel free to connect for any further information on the candidate.



